
Here are the offical rules of Scrabble:

#1 The first player combines two or more of his or her letters to form 
a word and places it on the board to read either across or down with one
letter on the center square. Diagonal words are not allowed.

#2 Complete your turn by counting and announcing your score for that turn.
Then draw as many new letters as you played; always keep seven letters on
your rack, as long as there are enough tiles left in the bag.

#3 Play passes to the left. The second player, and then each in turn,
adds one or more letters to those already played to form new words.
All letters played on a turn must be placed in one row across or down the
board, to form at least one complete word. If, at the same time, they touch
others letters in adjacent rows, those must also form complete words,
crossword fashion, with all such letters. The player gets full credit for
all words formed or modified on his or her turn.

#4 New words may be formed by
    Adding one or more letters to a word or letters already on the board.
    
    Placing a word at right angles to a word already on the board. The new
    word must use one of the letters already on the board or must add a letter
    to it. (See Turns 2, 3 and 4 below.)
    
    Placing a complete word parallel to a word already played so that adjacent
    letters also form complete words.

#5 No tile may be shifted or replaced after it has been played and scored.

#6 Blanks: The two blank tiles may be used as any letters. When playing a blank,
you must state which letter it represents. It remains that letter for the rest
of the game.

#7 You may use a turn to exchange all, some, or none of the letters. To do this,
place your discarded letter(s) facedown. Draw the same number of letters from
the pool, then mix your discarded letter(s) into the pool. This ends your turn.

#8 Any play may be challenged before the next player starts a turn. If the play
challenged is unacceptable, the challenged player takes back his or her tiles
and loses that turn. If the play challenged is acceptable, the challenger loses
his or her next turn. Consult the dictionary for challenges only. All words made
in one play are challenged simultaneously. If any word is unacceptable, then the
entire play is unacceptable. Only one turn is lost on any challenge.

#9 The game ends when all letters have been drawn and one player uses his or her
last letter; or when all possible plays have been made.

To view the rules at any time during the game simply type '/r'
